Intro: 
Hello I'm Mikhaela,
I'm a software development student based in Vancouver, BC specializing in building websites,
applications and everything in between.

About Me:
Hi there, it's great to see you today.

I'm Mikhaela - a software development student based in Vancouver, BC. 

As a clumsy person who enjoys creating things, software development has been a great outlet for me.
My goal is to create an impact on the community by providing technical solutions and bringing people together.

Currently, I'm taking BCIT's Computer Systems Technology diploma program. During my time at BCIT,
I've been involved in the BCIT Women in Computing club, lending a hand on organizing events aimed to 
empower women and other minorities in the tech field.

Here are a few technologies I've been working with recently:
- Javascript
- React
- Node.js
- HTML & CSS/SCSS
- Databases (MySQL & Firebase)

Skills:

LANGUAGES
JavaScript (ES6)
HTML & CSS/Sass
SQL
C
C++

TOOLS
Bash
Git & Github
Chrome DevTools
Visual Studio Code
MySQL

Work:
Featured Projects
- DianthUS
A web app aimed to bring down communication barriers between educators, parents and children with special needs by
streamlining all communications into one platform.

- Icopico
A web based game aimed to encourage people to integrate ecologically restorative habits
in their daily routine. This project was showcased during the Ecocity World Summit 2019 hosted in Vancouver.

- MusiQR
A website aimed to improve patient-caregive interation by making passive music therapy more accessible to everyone.
This project was created during the Hackathon for Individuals with Complex Health Needs and was awarded 1st place out
of 12 projects.

Other projects:
TBA

Hello:

Hello, kumusta!

I think this is a beginning of a good thing, and I'd love to hear more from you.

Tell me your favorite memes, quiz me on trivias about The Office, or suggest shows and movies
for me to watch.

I'm currently looking for new opportunities so feel free to email me, or just say hi below!
